when Jacob saw that there was grain in
Egypt Jacob said
hums why do you look at one another
indeed I have heard that there was grain
in Egypt go down to that place and buy
for us there that we may live and not
die
so Joseph's 10 brothers went down to buy
grain in Egypt but Jacob did not send
Joseph's brother Benjamin with his
brothers lest some calamity befall him
and the sons of Israel went to buy grain
among those who journeyed for the famine
was in the land of Canaan
now Joseph was governor over the land
and it was he who sold to all the people
of the land and Joseph's brothers came
and bowed down before him with their
faces to the earth Joseph saw his
brothers and recognized them but he
acted as a stranger to them and spoke
roughly to them where do you come from
from the land of Canaan to buy food
so Joseph recognized his brothers but
they did not recognize him
then Joseph remembered the dreams which
he had dreamed about them you are spies
you have come to see the nakedness of
the land
no my lord but your servants have come
to buy food we are all one man's sons we
are honest men your servants are not
spies no but you have come to see the
nakedness of the land your servants are
12 brothers the sons of one man in the
land of Canaan and in fact the youngest
is with our father today and one is no
more it is as I spoke to you saying you
are spies in this manner you shall be
tested by the life of Pharaoh you shall
not leave this place unless your
youngest brother comes here send one of
you and let him bring your brother and
you shall be kept in prison that your
words may be tested to see whether there
is any truth in you or else by the life
of Pharaoh surely you are spies so he
put them all together in prison three
days then Joseph said to them the third
day do this and live for I fear God if
you are honest men let one of your
brothers be confined to your prison
house but you go and carry grain for the
famine of your houses and bring your
youngest brother to me so your words
will be verified and you shall not die
and they did so then they said to one
another
we are truly guilty concerning our
brother for we saw the anguish of his
soul when he pleaded with us and we
would not hear
therefore this distress has come upon us
and Reuben answered them did I not speak
to you saying do not sin against the boy
and you would not listen therefore
behold his blood is now required of us
but they did not know that Joseph
understood them for he spoke to them
through an interpreter and he turned
himself away from them and wept
then he returned to them again and
talked with them and he took Simeon from
them and bound him before their eyes and
Joseph gave a command to fill their
sacks with grain to restore every man's
money to his sack and to give them
provisions for the journey thus he did
for them so they loaded their donkeys
with the grain and departed from there
but as one of them opened his sack to
give his donkey fees at the encampment
he saw his money and there it was in the
mouth of his sack my money has been
restored and there it is in my sack then
their hearts failed them and they were
afraid saying to one another what is
this that God has done to us
then they went to Jacob their father in
the land of Canaan and told him all were
that happened to them the man who is
Lord of the land spoke roughly to us and
took us for spies of the country but we
said to him we are honest men we are not
spies
we are twelve brothers sons of our
Father one is no more and the youngest
is with our Father this day in the land
of Canaan then the man the Lord of the
country said to us by this I will know
that you are honest men leave one of
your brothers here with me take food for
the famine of your households and be
gone and bring your youngest brother to
me so I shall know that you are not
spies but that you are honest men I will
grant your brother to you and you may
trade in the land then it happened as
they emptied their sacks but
surprisingly each man's bundle of money
was in his cell and when they and their
father saw the bundles of money they
were afraid and Jacob their father said
to them you have bereaved me
Joseph is no more Simeon is no more and
you want to take Benjamin all these
things are against me then Reuben spoke
to his father kill my two sons if I do
not bring him back to you put him in my
hands and I will bring him back to you
my son shall not go down with you for
his brother is dead and he is left alone
if any calamity should befall him along
the way in which you go then you would
bring down my gray hair with sorrow to
the grave
[Music]
you